Further improvements of vSphere documentation with PR comments (#1451)
kubermatic/docs: content/kubermatic/main/architecture/supported-providers/vsphere/vsphere.en.md

+++

> KKP fully supports VMware vSphere as a tier 1 provider. It allows the automatic provision of user cluster nodes and automatically deploys CCM and CSI for cloud provider and storage integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KKP fully supports VMware vSphere as a tier 1 provider. It allows the automatic provision of user cluster nodes and management of storage through the deployment and integration of vSphere CCM and CSI.
```

Author: done, updated.
